Update beta-testflight.md (#115)
Paperback-iOS/website: src/help/installation/beta-testflight.md

### You only have one invite per 6 hours
If you made a mistake, you may have to 6 hours to be able to request for a new invite.

### I made a typo/mistake when I sent my email to the bot
If you made a typo/mistake, you need to wait 6 hours for a new invite.

### I am getting an ERROR INSTANCE ID 

> Make sure your name is in english alphabet (A-Z or 1-9). Using others special characters will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your Discord name is in alphanumeric characters. Using other special characters will not work.
```
